[docs] Fix typo in `migration from lab` (#5277)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/migration-lab/migration-lab.md

## Introduction

This is a reference for migrating your site's pickers from `@mui/lab` to `@mui/x-date-pickers` or `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro`.
This migration is about the npm packages used, it **does not** affect the behavior of the components in your application.

> 
> We explored the reasons of this migration in a [blog post](/blog/lab-date-pickers-to-mui-x/)

Reviewer: This might help too?

```suggestion
You can find why we are moving in this direction in the [announcement blog post](/blog/lab-date-pickers-to-mui-x/).
```
